## Problem Statement
Every studio has varying needs for data in their work. To date, efforts to manage and present data have often been singular, one-offs, that are siloed, hidden from access, and not resilient to change.

## Thesis
By interview each studio individually, we can try to find the commonalities between the data needs of each studio and identify possibly solutions that might best serve the all studios, firm-wide.

## Summary
We conducted a multi-day Workshop where the Data Team meet with representatives from each studio to discuss there data needs

## Links
- [Notes]()

## Conclusion

### User Stories

HR + Office
- As a Project Manager, I want to easily see who is assigned to what projects and how much of their time is booked.
- As an Office goer, I'd like to be able to easily book resources like rooms, and technology.
- As an employee, I'd like quick up-to-date access to resources like Benefits, Policies, and Handbooks
- As a new hire, I'd like to be able to learn who has what kinds of expertise within our firm.
- As a manager, I'd like to be able to send new hires to a repository of project narratives to help them learn critical projects in our portfolio

Project + Practice
- As an architect in Student Housing, I'd like to compare metrics like bed count, unit type, etc. across all ASG projects.
- As a client advisor and planning, i need to be able to benchmark across similar campuses quickly - size (acres, enrollment, population, total GSF), parking, space types quantities, programs, etc - current comparing campus type info
- As someone who develops fees for a lot of projects, I would like to be able to compare profitability, hours, effort of previous projects quickly.
- As a planner, I would like to know how our housing targets compare to our built numbers
- As a designer working on a test-fit of an academic laboratory I would like to find projects that we have completed with similar spaces.

Technology
- As a file server user, I need to be able to locate up-to-date logos, colors, templates etc. quickly without having to sift through old out-of-date files.
- As a BIM Manager I'd like to find ways to define official content, and then see what projects are and are not using that official content
- As a Vis person, I'd like to find ways to quickly/easily plug data into our visualizations, especially using the new media we've been jumping into (animations, interactive experiences, etc.)
- As a technologist, I want to store 50 years of specific project expertise (Earl + Laura) into a model that we can replicate on projects after they leave.
- As a user of DCC tools, I want to be able to temporarily acquire licenses for the software I need for my work. (Adobe, Sketchup, Power BI, Veras, etc)

Sustainability
- As a client advisor, I'd like to be able to leverage our portfolio to help our clients define what "good" building performance looks like relative to their location, project type, energy code, etc.
- As a member of the Sustainability team, who reports to external commitments, how has the performance of our projects improved (or not) over time?
- As a recycler of images, I'd like to be able to find "that image we made for that project that talked about low carbon transportation" in an editable format

Marketing
- As someone who wants to take calculated MBD risks, how can we use wins / losses to inform go / no go process?
- As a business development person, i want to know where our relationships are weakest so i can prioritize proactive business development spending.
- As a conference attendee, I'd like to be able to cross-reference a current attendee list with relationships the firm has historically held
- As a responder to proposals, how can I find previously written text that include similar key words and/or respond to similar questions?

Learning
- As a manager, I would like to know which employees have expertise or training in specific areas.
- As a learner, I'd like to be able to locating relevant training material
- As a person, I would like to know more basic terminology, so I feel more confident talking about data

