## Problem Statement
We spend a large amount of time building digital context models. This is time that cuts into design time and profitability

## Thesis
Through automated context modeling tools and services, we can reduce the time spent on context modelling and improve the quality of our deliverables.

## Summary

### Google Maps Tiles
As of May 2023, Goggle opened up the API to access the 3D tiles that drive Google Maps. Since then, a middle-ware called Cesium has enabled access to these tiles in a number of applications, including: -Unreal, Unity, Web Javascript, Omniverse.

### Forma Export
Forma currently utilizes a variety of data providers to create a simplified by accruate representation of the terrain, the parcels, and the buildings surrounding a site. this model can be leverage through extensions to connect with Revit, Rhino, and SketchUp.

### Placemaker
Placemaker is a plugin provider that helps aggregate the 3d models from multiple providers and directly imports them into SketchUp and Revit.

### ArcGIS Urban
ArcGIS provides access to rich GIS based features and layers.

## Conclusion

Forma's GIS based context is a compelling option for early-stage concept planning with a low but usagable level of detail.

Google Maps Tile API provides great reference for correcting GIS heights, and is useful in large-scale (aerial) visualizations. The models tend to be too "melty" when you get up close and editing is not really an option.

## Next Steps
- Write some automation scripts that can just get everything with one simple interface and setup your project on multiple platforms with context added.